

Work in Progress: 

Wage insurance (with Adam Leive)

Trade and automation have led to substantial job loss in recent decades. Wage insurance is a policy option to financially protect displaced workers because it pays for a fraction of the wages lost when a worker is laid off and subsequently takes a lower-paying job. We are interested in studying the effect of wage insurance on labor market outcomes using a regression discontinuity design.

My role: I have written the Stata code to process restricted-access, administrative data on wage insurance program records, wages, and social services receipts and I have implemented the regression discontinuity analysis.

SNAP time limits (with Adam Leive)

The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) imposes time limits for receiving benefits on able-bodied adults without dependents (ABAWDs). During times of economic hardship, however, these limits can be waived. Exploiting this variation, we hope to explore how social service time limits affect labor market behavior.
  
My role: I have performed background research on SNAP policies. I have also written the Stata code to process large administrative data on SNAP program records and have begun implementing the regression discontinuity analysis.

Mandatory Reporting of Sexual Assaults on College Campuses (with Jennifer Doleac)

Title IX is the federal statue that prohibits sex-based discrimination by educational institutions that receive federal funding. Following new rules issued in 2014????___, colleges and universities instituted policies which require faculty, staff, and sometimes even student employees to report incidents of sexual assault that they become aware of. We are interested in studying the effect of these policies on students' reports of sexual assault. 

My role: I am gathering information on these policies from universities.

"Ferguson Effect" on Gun Violence? (with Jennifer Doleac)

Around 2014, several deaths of black men at the hands of police officers and ensuing protests made national news. Among the most publicized events were the August 2014 protests in Ferguson, Missouri following the death of Michael Brown. Did the increased scrutiny of police during this period lead to a violent crime wave? That is, was there a "Ferguson effect"? We hope to investigate this question using data on gunfire available across several American cities. 

My role: I have reviewed the current literature and am analyzing the data.

Projects I've contributed to:

Strategies to productively reincorporate the formerly-incarcerated into communities: A review of the literature. (by Jennifer Doleac) IZA Discussion Paper No. 11646. Current draft href=https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3198112

My role: Collected and organized literature.

The unintended consequences of “ban the box”: Statistical discrimination and employment outcomes when criminal histories are hidden (by Jennifer Doleac and Benjamin Hansen). Accepted, ITALICS: Journal of Labor Economics. Preprint version href = https://justicetechlab.github.io/jdoleac-website/research/Doleac_Hansen_JOLE_preprint.pdf

My role: Gathered and built CPS (Current Population Survey) panel data and ACS (American Community Survey) data for revision.

The Moral Hazard of Lifesaving Innovations: Naloxone Access, Opioid Abuse, and Crime (by Jennifer Doleac and Anita Mukherjee). IZA Discussion Paper No. 11489. Current draft href = https://justicetechlab.github.io/jdoleac-website/research/Doleac_Mukherjee_Naloxone.pdf

My role = Compiled Google Trends data and peformed background research on Naloxone access laws.


Other relevant experience:

I have replicated some analyses from the following academic papers:

-Experiment: Oregon health insurance
-Instrumental variables: Angrist and Evans twins study
-Regression discontinuity: Card's Medicare RD
-Difference-in-difference: Kansas tax paper

I do not claim authorship on any of the projects listed.




 universities' "responsible employees" must report any potential sex discrimination including sexual misconduct.  
"New campus rules on mandatory reporting for professors were issued during the Obama administration. To comply "
The Clery Act??? and other law changes??? have tried to combat sexual assault through....encourage reporting of sexual assaults on college campuses. Many colleges and universities have since instituted policies which require faculty, staff, and student employees to report incidents of sexual assault that they become aware of to Title IX administrators. We are interested in studying the effect of these policies on students' reports of sexual assault. 
